Characters:
  - Jade: Italo American
  - Dylan: Posh Man
  - Alexis (Alex): IT consultant

1st draft:

  Dylan, [a little tense]: Could someone explain to me what's happening?
  Jade: I don't know what the hell is happening either!
  Alex: Can you please calm down, it's not the end if the lights are flickering. It's the same thing every Thursday.
  Dylan: This is why I don't like to use public transport.
  Jade: What do you mean about that?
  Dylan: Like my father always says: "it was better when upper and lower classes were separated". Now, you only get strange people, poor and even both. Sometimes non-pedigree pets. [looks at Jade's dog]
  [Jade hides her dog in her jacket]
  Alex: Huh, I think you're speaking of the old London, the one we had under the reign of Victoria aren't you?
  Jade: I don't think so, if I follow what you understood it's like the segregation in USA but it's between social classes and not skin colors.
  Alex: It's a little bit different because in England we didn't have any laws like the Jim Craw Laws (JCL) in USA, or anything like the Green Book. It was more like a social separation and not a state decree.
  Dylan: If you permit me to enter what seems an annoying conversation, I'd like to answer you, the one who seems be cultured but at the same not.
    [Alex is hurt by such rudeness]
    To my surprise you have been able to understand my thoughts behind the words I said earlier.
    It's likely as you said, my father is old with his thoughts but he's not entirely wrong about our society.
    Before you had a complete different world between the nobles and the people but it had some problems with this society.
    Problems which aren't present in today's society but I think it's a subject we should avoid talking in this sort of place.
  Alex, [smiling]: You know man, I believe we would be good friends if we met a long time ago.
    If my memory is still good at remembering things, I don't think we know each others so we should present ourselves.
    I start first!
    My name is Alexis and I'm 21 years old. I'm an IT consultant.
  [Both Alexis and Dylan are looking at Jade waiting for her to talk]
  Jade: *sigh* From your glances I deduce it's my turn...
    I'm Jade, a 23 years old proud woman who you don't want to be enemy with, currently on a vacation.
    Nice to meet you both.
  Dylan: I'm named Dylan and I am 19 years old. I don't have the intention of giving my full name because it will only bring upon myself judgment.
    I am currently studying politics in a renowned school.
    Delighted to make your acquaintance.
  Alex: If you say so.... Anyway, Jade you make me thinks about a pretty famous song I heard some time ago.
      It was talking about an American in England and was feeling like a stranger if I remember well.
  Jade, [frowning while looking at Alexis]: I never heard about something like this...
    I once heard a song about an English man in Australia but I can't tell if we're talking about the same song.
  Dylan, [clearing his throat]: I think you are both wrong because of what I have understood, you are talking about an English man
    in America and in New York more precisely. The song was entitled "An Englishman in New York".
  [Alexis looks at Dylan with a surpised face]
  Alexis: I think it was the title of the song but, man, I never thought you would know something like this...
    I thought you were like an old man and was hearing all this classical stuff like musics with only an orchestra.
    But apparently not, tell me, you're not the black sheep of your family, are you?
  Jade: For me (Pour moi), I thought he was hearing some Jazz stuff and he was going to opera.
  Dylan: I-It's not what you think, I'm not hearing only those musics but others.
    I-I can't deny that my parents knows nothing else than opera en classic music.
  Jade: So you're not denying it! You're really listening Jazz when you want to listen music.
  Dylan, [a little frightened]: Y-Yes, No! It's rare for me to listen to those genre of music you know!
    I'm like you, I hear different music, I am not a stereotyped posh man.
  Alex, [se frottant la barbe (imaginaire)]: Hmm... I have a question for you which will determine if you're old in your mind or young.
    Are you ok?
  Dylan: Y-Yeah?
  Alex: Have you already seen the TV show Friends?
  Dylan: Yes
  Alex: Yup, you're definitely an old man in the body of a young one.
  Jade: Whaat?!
    How are you supposed to say he's old in his mind if he has already seen an episode of Friends, everyone's already seen an episode of this TV series!
  Alex, [nodding no with his head]: I don't know how's the world you come from but here I don't know anyone who's already seen an episode of such TV series...
  Jade: You're just someone with no culture after all!
  Alex: Hey! I don't permit you to insult my culture.
  Dylan: I can assure you if my accent was like yours you wouldn't be able to tell that I'm the descendant of a posh family.
  Alex: I'm sure that even if your accent was like "ours" we would be able to tell you're not like us.
  Dylan: How so?
  Jade: From your vocabulary and the way you're standing.
  Dylan: Any gentleman who respects himself should have a proper way of standing.
  Alex: It's like she says, you're too... too you.
  Jade: You know what let's check to be sure you would be able to go unseen without your accent.
    Do you both agree?
  Alex: yup
  Dylan: Of course, I agree.
  Jade: Great! Let's start.
    The first subject will be the vocabulary!
    How do you call the man or woman driving a cab.
  Dylan: A chauffeur.
  Jade: Wrong.
  Alex: Yep, totally wrong. We call it a cab driver.
  Jade: Next subject, If you go on a date and the girl you're with gives you a bottle of wine, champagne or any other alcohol.
    What's the first thing you do?
  Dylan, [proud of his answer]: What a question! I search the name to see if it's plonk or a Bordeaux.
  [Jade and Alex sighs with despair]
  Jade: No, you thank her and show your worries about the price of the bottle.
  Alex: If I can intervene, I agree with him.
  Jade: What a bunch of alcoholic you are!
    Whatever, the next question is: What's the first thing you have in mind when you wake up?
  [Quickly Alex asks]
  Alex: What are your questions you're imagining them at this moment...
  Jade: nah, they're good questions I found on a magazine next to my crosswords.
  Alex: I now understand why they're weird.
  Jade: They're not! Can we come back to the main subject now, please? So, what's your answer?
  Dylan: I'm asking myself if my valet had prepared my affairs for the day.
  Jade: Ok... Now's the last question! If you would be able to go on a trip, who would you think of to come with you?
  Dylan, [After having thought about it]: No one.
  [Jade thinks about the answers]
  Jade: It's confirmed! Even with your accents everyone will be able to see you're from the "high society", it means a posh family.
  Dylan, [dumbfounded]: Really!?
  Alex: I agree, your answers are all surreal every time. You can't possibly be able to become unseen from others when you talk, walk or even seat somewhere, sorry.
  Dylan: You know what, the next time you will see me I will have changed. You won't be able to tell who I was before.
    So hmm... Can I have your phone number for the next time we see each others.
  [Alexis grabs his phone]
  Jade: I don't mind, lemme grab it.
  Alex: It's not necessary I already made the transfer on your phones.
  [Jade and Dylan are surprised]
  Alex: I'm kidding.
  [Both expires]
  Alex: In fact no, I really made the transfer. Have a nice day.
  [Alex quit the scene]
  Jade: Hmm... This was quite disturbing but I think I'll should go as well. Bye, Mr Posh.
  Dylan: Yes, I'll take my leave too. I will see forward for our next encounter both of you.

  THE END.
