The Hound of Baskervilles


  The Hound of Baskervilles is the third of the four novels about the detective Sherlock Holmes.
  Originally serialised in The Strand Magazine from August 1901 to April 1902.
  THe author of this series is Arthur Conan Doyle.

  It takes place on Dartmoor in Devon in England's West Country and tells the story of an attempted
  murder inspired by the legend of a fearsome, diabolical hound of supernatural origin.
  Sherlock Holmes and his companion Dr. Watson investigates the case.
  This was the first appearance of Holmes since his presumed death in "The Final Problem",
  and the success of The Hound of the Baskervilles led to the character's eventual revival.


Personal document: Atypical

type of document: picture
author: (?) Rachid
date: 2017
origin: Netlfix
genre: series, comedy
résumé:
  It's a coming of age (?) story.
  It's about a teenager who has autism.
  He wants to become someone independant.


link of the document with the axis:
  Favorite show, talks about food (?), friends.
  During the series about the autistic boy, we empathize the family.

Similitudes/differences with the documents we have studied up to now:
  Many similitudes, becomes independant like Christopher.
  Main character is autistic.
  Parents are having a break-up.
  The characters are really endearing.

Personal opinion:

Personal document: One in a million

type of document: Song
author: Mark Tuan, Sanjoy
date: 02/12/2021
origin:
genre: Pop song
résumé:
  The song tolds about when you meet a person you've been waiting for...

link of the document with the axis:
  Love & friendship
  The Riot Club, they meet another person and they fall in love.

Similitudes/differences with the documents we have studied up to now:
  Meeting a new person, not as a friend but falling in love at the person.

Personal opinion:
  Favorite singers
  This singer was used to be in a group and it was its first song as a solo artist.



Personal document:

type of document:
author:
date:
origin:
genre:
résumé:

link of the document with the axis:

Similitudes/differences with the documents we have studied up to now:

Personal opinion:

