When Christopher got home, his father was sitting at the table in the kitchen
and had already prepared their supper. He was wearing a lumberjack shirt.
The supper was baked beans and broccoli and two slices of ham and they were
laid out ont he plate so that they were not touching.

His father asked "Where have you been?"

He answered "I have been out."

His father said "I have just had a phone call from Mrs Shears."

He started eating his baked beans and broccoli and two slices of ham.

The his father wanted to know "What the hell were you doing looking round the garden?"

He said "I was doing detective work trying to find who killed Willington."

His father wondered "How many times do I have to tell you?"
"I told you to keep your nose out of other people's business"

He replied "I think Mr Shears probably killed Willington."
"He is my prime suspect because I think someone might have killed Willington to make Mrs Shears sad.
And a murder is usally committed by someone known..."

Then his father shouted "I will not have that man's name mentioned in my house."

He asked "Why not?"

And his father said "This man is evil."

He said "Does that mean he might have killed Willington?"

His father said "Jesus wept."

He could see his father angry with him so said "I know you told me not to get involved in other people's
business but Mrs Shears is a friend of ours."

And his father replied "Well, she's not a friend anymore."

He asked "Why not?"

His father answered "Ok Christopher. I am going to say this for the last and final time.
I will not tell you again. Look at me when I'm talking to you for God's sake.
Look at me. You're not to go asking Mr Shears about who killed that bloody dog.
You are go asking anyone about who killed that bloody dog.
You are not to go trespassing in other people's garden.
You are to stop this ridiculous bloody detective game right now."

His father said "I am going to make you promise, Christopher.
And you know what it means when I make you promise."

He replied "I know."

His father said "Promise me you will stop doing these things.
Promise that you will give up this ridiculous game right now, OK?"

He retorted "I promise."