Diversity and inclusion

    Unsung american heroes

What does being an american hero mean ?

Definitions:

    Diversity: A mix between several    | civilizations
                                        | cultures
                                        | origins
                                        | physical characteristics
                                        | genders
                                        | nationalism

    Inclusion: That's when in spite of differences, you | mix in and feel accepted.
                                                        | integrate
                                                        | adapt
    Hero/Heroes
    Heroine/Heroines
    -> someone who saves the world.
       A hero can be real or fictional.
                                |-> they can be superheroes.

Picture:
    There's someone who looks like spiderman against a wall and he's cleaning a window.
    It's a real photo so in reality he's just a window cleaner and not the fictional hero.
    It takes place in New York City (NYC).
    He's heroic because it's a dangerous job to do so he isn't probably doing it for fun.
    It's probably an obligation t take this job because he doesn't have a lot of money.
    He's maybe an immigrant, he came from another country to find work in america.
    He's actually a mexican immigrant.
    With the money he receive from his job he pays the rent of his home, his food and probably send money to his family
    who stayed at home (the country he come from).

--> Written questions about the picture:
    
    Bernabe Mendez

        - What can you guess about this man ?

            In this picture we can see spiderman who climbed on a building and is cleaning a window but as we 
            can suspect he isn't the real superhero but a window cleaner who has dressed up with a costume of spiderman.
            
            We can guess that he's probably obliged to take this type of jobs because he doesn't have a lot of money to live with.
            He can be a migrant who left his country because he couldn't find any jobs while hoping he would be able
            to find one in another country, in here the USA.
            
            He's maybe from a poor family, and when he's paid for his work he's probably sending money to his family who stayed in his country
            after he paid the rent of his home (house or apartment) and has paid for the basic nessecities for living, this includes food, water 
            and probably fuel for his car or a certain amount of money for moving in the city (metro, tramway, etc...).
            
            We can say that he's a real and daily life hero because he's doing a dangerous job 
            (being suspended in the air with only a rope in more than 10 meters from the ground can be terrifying) while not being.
            We can say that he's    | courageous.
                                    | brave
            He  | is playful.
                | has a sense of humour.
            He is   | generous.
                    | attentionate.
                    | caring.

        - Origin, job, personality, background...

        He can be considered as an "unsung hero" because he takes risks but America doesn't give him a status.
        He's probably an illegal migrant, he presumably doesn't have a Green Card.
        He's not recognized.