Seance 2 --> Hiddne Figures

Film Poster:
    Film title: "Hidden Figures"

    Hidden --> caché
    Figures -->people
    There's an astronaut and spaceships/rocket.
    astronaut --> US / spationaut --> Euro / cosmonaut --> Rus / taikonaut --> Chinese
    It maybe takes place in the 1960s, they works in NASA (National Aero-spatial Agency)
    Their objective is to go on the moon.
    It's during the Cold War --> USA/USSR.
    It's the space race.
    They reach the moon in 1969 with Neil Armstrong.

    The three womens are:
        - Katherine Johnson, mathematician and aerospace engineer
        - Mary Jackson, mathematician and aerospace engineer
        - Dorothy Johnson Vaughan, mathematician

Video:

  Three africo-american
  Their skills --> change space program forever
  Jackson -->1st black female space engineer

  Backstory:
    Margo Lee Sheterly who wrote the book:
      Nobody knew their contributions
      She wrote a 44 page proposal

    Janelle Monaé:
      was sad to know that anyone knew their history.

    They didn't have any rights
    Mary was fighter, a leader, a genius
    such champion for all women around her, sisters and friends
    
    Katherine Johnson (?):
      s

    Dorothy Johnson:
      brilliant mathematician
      very good in mechanical
      assigned to computers
      told herself to program it and told others how to program it

    Catherine:
      They're calculating everything
      euclidian

  It was an interview with extracts/scenes from the film and extracts from archives.
  In the extracts from archives we can see Martin Luther King when he said his famous speech "I have a dream".
  There was another movement fighting for black people's right: Black Panther led by Malcolm X.
  They were both assassinated, their movement's name is the Civil Rights Movement.
  They got their rights in the late sixties.

  1/ Who is being interviewed and what is their connection to the women on the photos?
    The three women interviewed are the actresses who played  | the roles of three mathematicians.
                                                              | the Lead roles.
    It's a biopic.

  2/ Think about the context: when and where does this movie take place? What were the main issues at the time? 
    It's a historical film.
    It takes place in the 1950s/1960s at the NASA headquarters. 
    On the one hand,
      It was during the Space Race between the USA and the USSR in the context of the Cold War.
      The objective was to be the first one on the moon.
    On the other hand, there was the "Civil Rights Movement" for equality between black and white people,
    led by Martin Luther King and Malcolm X.

  3/ Explain in your own words the role of these women in the Space Race. Was it crucial?
    Their role was crucial because they succeeded in programming computers and they did all the calculations, they
    were called "human computers", which shows they were brilliant.

  4/ Collect as many details as you can about the actresses' feelings and reactions to the Space Race.
    They were shocked because these brilliant women had no recognition and they took it as a mission to make
    them known to the public. --> The fight for the recognition of black people goes on.

  5/ What is the message of the movie?
    The message is that they represents diversity and need to be included in the history of the USA for their heroic role.

  A book was written by Margot Lee Shetterly.